I won't pursue the matter with you first.
Please explain it to me first.
Ask what's going on at home
I knew he would tell you.
What's your attitude?
Anyone who is your wife
It's okay if you don't help protect it
Now even his father is not spared
If it wasn't for Wen Jiaxiang's greed and sincerity, he would have made mistakes first
How could I have rescued his registration?
Yes
Wen Jiaxiang is not a good person
But also the least lethal
Then just make up the money.
Why do you want to take the last relatives of the young master?
Forced to a dead end Xiaoyan
He was a miserable child.
His mother died early
His father turned a blind eye to him
I brought him to the Lu family for his enjoyment
It's not for you to hurt grandma wantonly
Don't be deceived by his delicate appearance
In fact, he is just like his father
see the money
scheming
He doesn't deserve your compassion and affection
Do you want to piss me off?
Do you know why I insist that you marry Xiaolian?
Do you remember a few years ago?
Something happened to the Gu family's car
The butler took me home
The car is turning
I bumped into it and thought fortunately
Xiaoyan was not seriously injured
No compensation was asked.
He is me
Cover the wound
Insist on taking the mop heart to the hospital with me first
When I wake up
Give him 1 million for presentation
He refused a cent.
Since then
I knew Xiaoyan was a good boy
I also identified him as my granddaughter-in-law
But I didn't say you were with Yuan Yingfu
Depth of field, depth of field
You are so confused
Xia Yunchu was after you officially inherited your appearance
Just haunting you
Don't you realize that there are ulterior motives?
You are eavesdropping